premium: revise wording and update description for RCU (#22823)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md

### Request Capacity Unit (RCU)

For {{{ .essential }}} and {{{ .premium }}}, a Request Capacity Unit (RCU) is a unit of measure used to represent the provisioned compute capacity for your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance. One RCU provides a fixed amount of compute resources that can process a certain number of RUs per second. The number of RCUs you provision determines the baseline performance and throughput capacity of your instance. However, the way RCUs are managed differs between {{{ .essential }}} and {{{ .premium }}}:

> - {{{ .essential }}} uses a fixed number of provisioned RCUs to determine the throughput capacity of your instance. For more information, see [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{{ .essential }}} automatically provisions RCUs based on your actual workload. As your QPS increases, the system dynamically scales up the provisioned RCU to maintain performance.For more information, see [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).
```

> - {{{ .essential }}} automatically provisions RCUs based on your actual workload. As your QPS increases, the system dynamically scales up the provisioned RCU to maintain performance.For more information, see [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).

Author: ```suggestion
- {{{ .essential }}} automatically provisions RCUs based on your workload. As your QPS increases, TiDB Cloud dynamically scales up the provisioned RCUs to maintain performance. For more information, see [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).
```
